Update instructions.md (#3)
Start9Labs/bitwarden-wrapper: docs/instructions.md

This portal enables you to configure environment settings, edit users, edit organizations and check version information. To use the admin portal: 

1. Copy the admin token from `Properties`
2. Navigate to your Bitwarden Tor address + `/admin` ie. `http://<your_bitwarden_tor_address>.onion/admin`

> 3. Paste the admin token into the input field to login to the admin dashboard. 

Reviewer: Markdown rendering should take care of this automatically. No need for changing these two lines.

> 2. Navigate to your Bitwarden Tor address + `/admin` ie. `http://<your_bitwarden_tor_address>.onion/admin`
> 3. Paste the admin token into the input field to login to the admin dashboard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to your Bitwarden Tor address + `/admin` ie. `http://<your_bitwarden_tor_address>.onion/admin`
1. Paste the admin token into the input field to login to the admin dashboard. 
```
